README.md, before:

# Module 5 Challenge: Random Password Generator

## Overview
 
The challenge was to use what we learned throughout week 5 of Bootcamp and update the starter code template to create a working Random Passwrod Generator that give the user prompts and confim messages in order to determine the criteria of the final produced password.

#
## Screenshot of application

The below image shows the final web application appearance:
#
![Alt text](assets/html%20screenshot.png)
#
## Instructions 
#
The acceptance  criteria of the application was to create an application that:

* Prompts the user for a password length bwetween 10-64 characters when the generate password button is clicked.
* Alert the user to try again is a number below 10 or above 64 is entered.
* Ask the user to confirm if the following character types should be included:
- Special Characters
- Numeric Characters
- Lowercase Characters
- Uppercase Characters
* Once the user has made their final selection an alert is shown followed by their password written on the page.

#

#

### Additional 

* In order to restrict the user from entering a string value in the password length field I included "isNaN" as part of the error alert.

#
## Credits
* MDN - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN
* W3Schools - https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_random.asp
* Dev.to - https://dev.to/code_mystery/random-password-generator-using-javascript-6a
## License

Please refer to licence section

Commit message:

linke to deployed app added to readme

README.md, after:

# Module 5 Challenge: Random Password Generator

## Overview
 
The challenge was to use what we learned throughout week 5 of Bootcamp and update the starter code template to create a working Random Passwrod Generator that give the user prompts and confim messages in order to determine the criteria of the final produced password.

#
## Screenshot of application

Below is a link to the deployed application and a screenshot:
#
https://omar-ahm.github.io/WK5_Challenge-password_generator/
#
![Alt text](assets/html%20screenshot.png)
#
## Instructions 
#
The acceptance  criteria of the application was to create an application that:

* Prompts the user for a password length bwetween 10-64 characters when the generate password button is clicked.
* Alert the user to try again is a number below 10 or above 64 is entered.
* Ask the user to confirm if the following character types should be included:
- Special Characters
- Numeric Characters
- Lowercase Characters
- Uppercase Characters
* Once the user has made their final selection an alert is shown followed by their password written on the page.

#

#

### Additional 

* In order to restrict the user from entering a string value in the password length field I included "isNaN" as part of the error alert.

#
## Credits
* MDN - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN
* W3Schools - https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_random.asp
* Dev.to - https://dev.to/code_mystery/random-password-generator-using-javascript-6a
## License

Please refer to licence section
